>> Speaker 1: Now, the beauty of this
is that when we cancel this, and
we want to go and fill this out.
Well, the thing is, this doesn't have
an ID yet, because it's an empty object.
And so now you can say,
does this have an ID, yes or no?
If it has an ID, update it,
if not, create it.
So essentially it's a kind of an upsert
as it checks does this exist, if not,
create it, if it does, then update it.
We'll notice here as
well in the component,
we'll go up here, that we're
checking does the product exist?
Well, it's always going to exist,
because now we're initializing
it to this empty object.
So we go here.
>> Speaker 1: Select the project.
>> Speaker 1: Then we hit Cancel,
then it goes back to nothing.
So into our code now.
Let's go ahead and let's build out for
the rest of the properties here.
So Title, we had, let's check here.
>> Speaker 1: Details,
percentComplete, and approved.
>> Speaker 1: And
we'll make this actually a texttarea.
>> Speaker 1: Details and
because this is a textarea.
>> Speaker 1: Then you need to close that.
And then what we'll do here is,
>> Speaker 1: For the percent complete,
>> Speaker 1: Let's do linear,
just kind of a new component,
cuz it's fun.
So we'll go h4.
>> Speaker 1: SelectedProject.
>> Speaker 1: PercentComplete.
>> Speaker 1: I don't know
why that came out as a class.
>> Speaker 1: Complete, and
then from here let's introduce a slider.
>> Speaker 1: I'll go mat.
>> Speaker 1: And then within the slider,
we're gonna go into the class,
also set this to full-width.
>> Speaker 1: And
then let's set some additional properties.
So min is going to be 0.
Max is going to be 100.
And let's add in the thumbLabel.
So some of these things,
it's just a matter of actually
looking it up in the documentation.
>> Speaker 1: ThumbLabel.
And then we're going to also hook in.
>> Speaker 1: Es code is being just
crazy right now, no tick interval.
>> Speaker 1: NgModel.
So this is two-way data binding that,
if parentheses are events, and
brackets are properties, that essentially
you're connecting the two together.
So making a two-way street.
>> Speaker 1: SelectedProject and
percentComplete.
>> Speaker 1: And we have one more here.
>> Speaker 1: And
the one thing I had to do as well.
>> Speaker 1: Is mat-form-field
is very particular about what can
actually go in it.
And so mat-form-field, I took that off and
I made this just a section.
And let's do one more, also a section.
And mat-checkbox ngModel
selectedProject.approved
name approve.
>> Speaker 1: All right.
>> Speaker 1: Approved By Customer.
>> Speaker 2: So
an extra angle on line 52.
>> Speaker 1: Line 52.
>> Speaker 2: Mat-slider
>> Speaker 1: Good eye.
>> Speaker 1: And then I believe,
this on the other hand,
needs to have a closing mat-checkbox.
>> Speaker 1: All right.
>> Speaker 1: So Title, Details,
>> Speaker 1: And I wonder,
let me just double-check.
>> Speaker 1: There we go.
So here.
>> Speaker 1: And for some reason,
the slider is not binding correctly.
Right, name=percentComplete.
>> Speaker 1: There we go.